this video is an offer of analysis
people more tops with prices
psn games bh games me digital
for functions outside and g2 to the most
pc tops are there run there
description and crush okay with you
here is the general and how do you know
I always bring news too.
related to the world of
terror and also the church the games that I
I bring and nice things even though you
It will surprise you just like you.
You must have gone crazy as well, right?
I stayed when I read the news when I saw it
the title name of this video because it's handy
without further ado leaves the soil law here
an article that I read here and is official
obviously it's a very well-known blog
so come on, forget it with names.
that is considered by the author and in the
forget that you are and pay attention
this news was installed in rio
are creating the spiritual successor of the
of rivers and streams that has been
after game cancellation
the sensor that is called alison road and
is described by the creators as a mix
between salem and rivers and finals in Freddie
end people and that's what you
heard
Come on, God. I told you there.
Synopsis of the game that is here in
Portuguese and translated you will assume the
role of protagonist with no name
wake up one day with no memory of
previous events over five
night your goal is to discover the
whereabouts of his family
unravel the mysteries of the house and
facing the entity the darkness that
live in this place while the clock
ruthless brand 3 o'clock in the morning
And then what would you do if you could feel
something chased you in the dark to
safety of your own home and if you
can not tell what is real and what is not
is
mano already noticed the footprint of the game
Snow would catch the game is
Fuck, I'm going to make the next old man
field description I'll leave the trailer for
game that already made old have made pre
It looks like it was not
available and pre-alpha for the
youtube is playing, right?
but you have a video of your own
independent developer who is
doing game and is in the field of
description and left a video for you
to enjoy the winter how crazy are the
graphics are at the same level as the site
the hills pt né that was released the ps4 and
been already removed has already been
It has been some months since Guimarães
to simply join the two
most popular games on the lawn that
They speak of God or game is only a pre
modernism teaser of mutated turned the
game after the staff is assimilated
that it as it were is a genre of
terror wanted to overestimate our
here from the year 2015 to
open the game of Roman terror joined
one of the most popular bridge games click
a gallery that the best phrases of
a car simply the pt and stepped vain
This game has not been completed yet.
next is called alisson gothz eu
watch the pre alpha even there, oh no
demonstration that was put there from the game
and I was totally surprised hand
sincerely it is news that is
very relevant will have here in the channel
sure and the graphics are very
cool realistic tab even're're fucking
A god that arizinho there that if you do not
if you care, you'll be scared
sure and mano, I hope you get the
the sooner this guy is sending
very well in the graphics very old world
well in the footprint of the game is also very
Crazy that I'm sure to do.
issue of playing here for you on the channel
You're soldier, I apologize for not having
posted and videos in the two days
because I had very colds
with a high fever and I was able to
post from the next
week will be a new phase of the channel
That I'll tell you what's going to happen.
treat on Sunday and the second one already starts
the new season in the channel only advancing
There are going to be two videos a day. I asked.
resignation from my job to have more time to
focus here on youtube for you is nóis
it's not that I do not expect you to have
liked his cell phone and favorite
comments and shares discloses the networks
social death of his friend is news
very crazy the team link is in the field
description a news link is also
in the field description is just you lacourt and
check what is this side of the iso very
Thank you a big hug from the general is
Favorite Paul spoke and said to wait for the
next flight and went